I'm Oliver travina here with young
Hollywood and I'm very happy with a good
reason I'm at the Victoria Secret 2013
swimwear collection launched about to
try this on
check me out
alessandra ambrosio how are you always
gorgeous how do you do it I don't know
you - hey thank you darling I was I was
fishing for that and you valve writ the
gorgeous Karlie Kloss how are you I'm
here with the lovely candy Swan a pool
how are you I'm good
I've seen you like how many times on the
swim the fire three three four secret
Rosa swim fighter you are always here
why is that I wonder why is that they
don't have to push me into this shoot
we are here for the swim collection
which is a looks very interesting
take us through these two little numbers
I mean the whole collection was inspired
by old Hollywood glamour kind of
celebrating this fabulous life of
traveling to exotic islands and and just
having fun I'm lacking a sexy suit for
summer need one what would you put me in
what would you put me in so okay let me
show you show me this is my go-to and I
think you could really rock this what do
you like the colors in it I've got to be
honest it's got a really really good
push up so you want that extra cleavage
you know the dollar word that thing you
could push it I think it's working
which one would you put me and
everyone's picking one for me uh-oh
however I think in the very sexy push of
bando which is like the newest is the
big one isn't it it's the big one it's
inspired by Hollywood and as we're here
outputs you know one you know so what
walk around the pool I think I could
drop that definitely put you in the
bombshell which is that one which gives
two extra cup sizes so you don't have to
worry about
I need that as well don't I I need the
extra cup size is how do you stay in
such amazing shape looks I've been
asking the other girls I love going to
yoga I've been doing a lot of spinning
classes lately
I love playing volleyball my friends
when it gets nice and warm here in LA
and surfing
okay that's enough you making me feel
out of shape now I'm young and I'm
really athletic so I'm very lucky that I
don't have to pay too close attention
but I'm just healthy overall we have
such a physical job we use our bodies
all day every day so
that's what keeps us in shape as well
you make it look effortless
being a Victoria's Secret Angel you get
to travel so much where's your favorite
place that you've been well we shot this
catalog in the campaign in Turks and
Caicos and it was extraordinary so that
might be at the top of my list where
haven't you been that you would like to
go India I'd love to go to India is
there anywhere where you haven't been
yeah that you'd like to go I haven't
been to Australia I want to go to
Indonesia hmm I would like to go to
Thailand that's why we'd be going next